[2.17] Document enhanced enums in the language tour and samples (#4026)
dart-lang/site-www: src/samples/index.md

`factory` constructors, getters, setters, and much more.

## Enums

> Enums are a way of enumerating a predefined set of values or instances.

Reviewer: Consider adding

 "in a way which ensures that there cannot be any other instances of that type."

> Here is an example of a simple `enum` which defines

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a simple `enum` that defines
```

a simple list of predefined planet types:

<?code-excerpt "misc/lib/samples/spacecraft.dart (simple-enum)"?>
```dart
enum PlanetType { terrestrial, gas, ice }
```

Here is an example of an enhanced enum declaration

> that allows you to define a class-like structure

Reviewer: allows you to define -> defines

I'm not sold on "class-like structure". 
It *is* a class. An enum declaration introduces a class and some instances of that class, and further ensures the class is `const`, sealed and that no-one can create other instances. But it still is a class.)

Maybe:

 Here is an example of an enhanced enum declaration
 of a class describing planets,
 with a defined set of constant instances, 
 namely the planets of our own solar system.

Author: I like how this adjustment reads a lot, thanks!

> which allow you to define a class-like structure

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that allows you to define a class-like structure
```

> with a defined set of constant instances:

Reviewer: Consider adding ", namely the planets of our own solar system"
